_collaboration/diversity.md, before:

---
title: Diversity Office
name: diversity
layout: default
---

{% include layouts/title.md %}

#### Committee Members

* Megan Connors (chair)
* Christine Nattrass (vice-chair)
* Francesco Bossù
* Wouter Deconinck
* Narbe Kalantarians
* Iris Ponce Pinto
* Maya Shimomura
* Allison Zec

<hr/>

#### Representation
<a id="eb"></a>
* Executive Board member: Megan Connors <meganconnors@gmail.com>

#### ePIC Community Values

The Collaboration is guided by the principles of democracy, equity, integrity and responsibility.  We are committed to foster a respectful, diverse, tolerant, and welcoming environment with  high scientific standards and a culture that promotes the development of excellence in scientific  research, human collaboration, and the nurturing of scientific careers.  The fulfillment of the mission of the Collaboration depends on collegial and respectful interactions among all of  the people engaged in its daily life and special events. To establish and maintain a welcoming,  inclusive environment, every member of the Collaboration agrees to:
* Strive for excellence in scientific research;
* Uphold the highest standards of professional ethics;
* Communicate respectfully: avoid insulting, dismissive, or hateful remarks and actions;
* Respond to observed cases of inappropriate behavior so as to promote a shared understanding of our accountability for our actions and for the effects they may have.

All members of the Collaboration are accountable for their actions. It is crucial to work together in responding to actions that undermine a positive environment for all professional activities. 

<hr/>

#### ePIC Code of Conduct

_Currently under development._

Commit message:

diversity: link code of conduct

_collaboration/diversity.md, after:

---
title: Diversity Office
name: diversity
layout: default
---

{% include layouts/title.md %}

#### Committee Members

* Megan Connors (chair)
* Christine Nattrass (vice-chair)
* Francesco Bossù
* Wouter Deconinck
* Narbe Kalantarians
* Iris Ponce Pinto
* Maya Shimomura
* Allison Zec

<hr/>

#### Representation
<a id="eb"></a>
* Executive Board member: Megan Connors <meganconnors@gmail.com>

#### ePIC Community Values

The Collaboration is guided by the principles of democracy, equity, integrity and responsibility.  We are committed to foster a respectful, diverse, tolerant, and welcoming environment with  high scientific standards and a culture that promotes the development of excellence in scientific  research, human collaboration, and the nurturing of scientific careers.  The fulfillment of the mission of the Collaboration depends on collegial and respectful interactions among all of  the people engaged in its daily life and special events. To establish and maintain a welcoming,  inclusive environment, every member of the Collaboration agrees to:
* Strive for excellence in scientific research;
* Uphold the highest standards of professional ethics;
* Communicate respectfully: avoid insulting, dismissive, or hateful remarks and actions;
* Respond to observed cases of inappropriate behavior so as to promote a shared understanding of our accountability for our actions and for the effects they may have.

All members of the Collaboration are accountable for their actions. It is crucial to work together in responding to actions that undermine a positive environment for all professional activities. 

<hr/>

#### ePIC Code of Conduct

The [Code of Conduct]([url](https://zenodo.org/records/14617833)) adopted by Council December 23, 2024 (restricted to members).
