_documents/keywords.md, before:

---
title: ePIC Keywords
name: keywords
layout: default
years:
- 2024
- 2023
---
{% include layouts/title.md %}


#### Conferences

* Please note that conference keywords (tags) are presented on a dedicated [conference page](/meetings/conferences.html) with links to the conferences' websites.
* Some of the keywords are posted here before the correponding materials are uploaded to Zenodo, which means not every query will return results.

---

##### Document-related keywords
{% include documents/kw.md category='documents' %}

---

##### Detector keywords
{% include documents/kw.md category='detector' %}

<a id="software"></a>

---

##### Software keywords
{% include documents/kw.md category='software' %}

<br/>

{{ site.hr }}

##### Proposed misc keywords

_The keywords in this section have not yet been approved for official use in ePIC. Please consider sending comments and/or suggestions to John Lajoie and Silvia Dalla Torre._

An attempt was made to adhere to conventions that reduce chances of misspelling or ambiguity, and allow
reliable cross-reference with other information systems where necessary.<br/> For example, it is best to have
all keywords in lowercase, and avoid composite keywords (e.g. _A-B_).

{% include documents/kw.md category='proposed' %}




---

Commit message:

Updates related to the use of keywords

_documents/keywords.md, after:

---
title: ePIC Keywords
name: keywords
layout: default
---
{% include layouts/title.md %}


##### Use of keywords in ePIC

The keywords assigned to a variety of materials (which can inclusde papers,
slides, images, computer code and software etc) play a crucial role in
integration of the information systems used in ePIC. This page serves as
the main information point regarding management of keywords. Proposals
for creation of new words should be sent to the leadership of the Collaboration.
The tables below contain a list of both accepted and proposed keywords.
When uploding materials to the Collaboration Document Management Database
(Zenodo) it is strongly recommended to assign some of the approved and
relevant keywords to the uploads.

##### Keyword creation guidelines

To reduce the potential of mistyping keywords in our internal documents and
also in query forms in the Zenodo system, it is strongly suggested to stick
with the simplest descriptive form, and lowercase letters, while also reducing
the use of dash '-' and underscore '_' unless it really helps the readability.
Using decimal numbers is often a neccessity so it's acceptable.

##### Conferences

* Please note that conference keywords (tags) are presented on a dedicated [conference page](/meetings/conferences.html) with links to the conferences' websites.
* Some of the keywords are posted here before the correponding materials are uploaded to Zenodo, which means not every query will return results.


---

##### Document-related keywords
{% include documents/kw.md category='documents' %}

---

##### Detector keywords
{% include documents/kw.md category='detector' %}

<a id="software"></a>

---

##### Software keywords
{% include documents/kw.md category='software' %}

<br/>

{{ site.hr }}

##### Proposed misc keywords

_The keywords in this section have not yet been approved for official use in ePIC. Please consider sending comments and/or suggestions to John Lajoie and Silvia Dalla Torre._

An attempt was made to adhere to conventions that reduce chances of misspelling or ambiguity, and allow
reliable cross-reference with other information systems where necessary.<br/> For example, it is best to have
all keywords in lowercase, and avoid composite keywords (e.g. _A-B_).

{% include documents/kw.md category='proposed' %}




---
